[Music]
your parents tell me you were born with
unique condition the most beautiful baby
I've ever seen accidentally kill people
I'm sorry I don't follow when people see
me you accidently assault people with
your face yeah it's strange it is weird
[Music]
what are you doing just kind of the
middle something you should probably
find a higher bridge wait what wait what
you're leaving you at least get her last
name was she hot
I have to tell you I was born with a
face and people see me they don't have
you ever thought about if your life for
a movie what song they would use in a
montage it's for one of those moments
where your life derails you and all you
hear is this
[Applause]
[Music]
oh my god I tried to tell him damn it
max
you
[Music]